[Music]
[Music] Psalm 125 a song of a sense those who
Psalm 125 a song of a sense those who
Psalm 125 a song of a sense those who trust in the Lord are like Mount Zion
trust in the Lord are like Mount Zion
trust in the Lord are like Mount Zion which cannot be moved but abides forever
which cannot be moved but abides forever
which cannot be moved but abides forever as the mountains surround Jerusalem so
as the mountains surround Jerusalem so
as the mountains surround Jerusalem so the Lord surrounds his people from this
the Lord surrounds his people from this
the Lord surrounds his people from this time for then forever for the scepter of
time for then forever for the scepter of
time for then forever for the scepter of wickedness shall not rest on the land
wickedness shall not rest on the land
wickedness shall not rest on the land allotted to the righteous lest the
allotted to the righteous lest the
allotted to the righteous lest the righteous reach out their hands to
righteous reach out their hands to
righteous reach out their hands to iniquity do good O Lord to those who are
iniquity do good O Lord to those who are
iniquity do good O Lord to those who are good and to those who are upright in
good and to those who are upright in
good and to those who are upright in their hearts as for such as turn aside
their hearts as for such as turn aside
their hearts as for such as turn aside to their crooked ways the Lord shall
to their crooked ways the Lord shall
to their crooked ways the Lord shall lead them away with the workers of
lead them away with the workers of
lead them away with the workers of iniquity peace be upon Israel